petar mates
of the whole face here we are
na
small company
truths a site and compare of incomparable beauty
it's amazing
most to water
such a completely small mirror
kutxa
the background of ivory goku
Quepasa figure
morgado said
we are creating
within the grade changes in this strip
so we get results
for about 80 meters
even eave
we are introducing the bulli
wolf par excellence in the almost without
for in the rare one the tents
to this food
and to who is prey
has emu chisinau natural food
then I'm doing
in private more or less intensive the days that I do not come here at will
I say with bolivar
of flowers
more watching you here is the camp
that we have mounted the express sessions
ribó of the road team
in sweet flavors
mainly
from that we weigh to welcomes temperature degree
these days it's been raining like it did not cost
we are talking now we are on May 1
last holy week dropped a lot of water thoroughly you can hear I do not know if
I appreciated
how water was falling
of the dam's mattress
It has a depth of 10 meters despite giving a
small precise
not very large in extension
Yes big one
in depth and laces and deeper than aware
surely there
when the good weather arrives the civil heat and pure and hard
is appreciated to much per literate case on its banks
also there blah blah
i
position
but the tents are really effective there of good size but they are very very
assets
good mates
and here we are the legacy tint see full
you know on Thursdays
of 19 20 hours on www crossbow punctual
also on Saturdays at 1 pm at the time of removing the gavi
for the area
aes capacity of tosca the wagons all life of carlotto wake son of
between said and point by caputo efe
since we are moving to the hours
bendodo the thing you should do all the
Spanish carpers he was a good book
while
there is no tranquility in lake retreats
for that reason he said book that this book of our friend gabriel
and estefany
gonzález who never names him loach
the book is
you can look companions the book of almost 100
the first book published entirely in Spanish
it's a lujito
with a lot of rub, they explain to us
the places where I could fish
like him
the theme or not of a real luxury the action of danger
you are already taking
in asking him back we are 2 110 pages
of pure pure Gaddafi follow family that says Doria
slimmer the friend dhabi and is that it is a
you are a crack
to all effects
for vitro and we are few who truly
we work
by gafi tiger meditation undoubtedly one of the best
lets see if
we are lucky in waiting a picarona
comrades look at what images
see you in the swamps and I listen in dale reel
you know how to delegate on the road but little water